
In a world where every click has the potential to lead to a purchase, what role does media play? Arguably, the most daring one. Media can add real business value. Accelerate growth. Deliver bottom line results.



To achieve this, our clients need a partner that is willing to push further. Be bolder. Ready to dig deep into their business and create innovative solutions to their challenges.

We are Dentsu Aegis Network. We dare to think differently. To see the potential a fresh perspective can bring to a cluttered landscape. And to realise what’s possible when you blend data, media and technology together.



We bring idea-driven solutions that transform media from a numbers game to a game changer. From analytics to answers. Never static, never still, where the only thing to keep pace with the growth of our inventiveness is the growth of our clients’ success.



Dentsu Aegis Network is powered by our specialist, integrated and holistic agency partners such as iProspect, Data2Decisions and Merkle.



We attract innovative clients such as ABinBEV, Burberry, Huawei, PVH and IKEA.



Description:



The VP, Director, Digital Analytics, is a newly created position based on significant growth. You will lead major Digital Analytics engagements with marquee clients, focusing on transforming data, analysis and reporting into insights, recommendations, and results. The ideal candidate will go beyond reporting to peel away the layers of data and suggest constructive marketing test, advanced analytics engagements, consumer deep dives, and competitive opportunities to improve business performance on a regular basis.

Collaboration is at the core of our business success and the Analytics Director will need to create a tightknit and dynamic relationship with our clients and the Media and Account teams. First, to work with clients to better understand their business objectives, KPIs and formulate an actionable measurement plans. Then, to guide the creation of insights and recommendations, powered by our Advanced Analytics tool kit, to relay channel and tactic specific optimization opportunities.



Responsibilities
Outcomes:



Work closely with clients to identify business needs and analytics opportunities, scoping customized analyses to drive marketing and business performance.

Utilize general business knowledge to understand marketing, pricing, operational, competitive challenges and opportunities
Delve into marketing plans, partners, and vendors to improve measurement framework and tracking implementation
Outline the benefits and tradeoffs of Digital Attribution, Marketing Mix Modeling, and other measurement and optimization techniques
Guide the creation of advanced reporting through automated processes to more efficiently consolidate data from a multitude of internal, vendor, and application specific sources

Utilize understanding of SQL to more efficiently organize and manage data warehousing
Access sources including Google Analytics, Omniture, Google Ad Words, Kenshoo, Marin and DFA to create customized reports and data pulls
Utilize SQL Scripts, APIs, and Excel Macros to dynamically update reports
Improve the quality of reporting by creating easy to follow weekly or monthly dashboards that key stakeholders will utilize on a regular basis to make informed business decisions

Utilize Excel, Datorama and Tableau to pull data into custom charts, tables, and to showcase the most critical series of actionable business metrics
Increase Marketing ROIs by helping to improve brand and channel specific performance

Increase Search performance by optimizing across Campaigns and Tactics
Increase Digital performance across Channels (Video, Banner, Programmatic, etc.), Campaigns, Audiences, Tactics, and Platform


Qualifications
Desired Skills and Experience:

You must have MINIMUM 10+ years relevant Media or Analytics experience to be considered
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with ability to convey and package technical findings in simple terms
Previous managment experience of minimum oversight of 4 people (preferably 6-10)
Gravatas / ability to sit with executives internally and with clients
Possesses understanding of digital planning & buying, with a focus on standard media metrics
Exposure to mobile, social, tablet measurement approaches as well as understanding of role of attribution and paths to conversions
Strong organizational skills, with the ability to aggregate information and data from multiple sources
Demonstrates understanding of digital tagging, tracking, QA, and maintenance
Expertise in SQL, manipulating large data tables and creating custom queries
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Powerpoint is required
