
At Perficient you’ll deliver mission-critical technology and business solutions to Fortune 500 companies and some of the most recognized brands on the planet. And you’ll do it with cutting-edge technologies, thanks to our close partnerships with the world’s biggest vendors. Our network of offices across North America, as well as locations in India and China, will give you the opportunity to spread your wings, too.

We’re proud to be publicly recognized as a “Top Workplace” year after year. This is due, in no small part, to our entrepreneurial attitude and collaborative spirit that sets us apart and keeps our colleagues impassioned, driven, and fulfilled.

Perficient Digital currently has a career opportunity for a Director of Strategy and Innovation.

As a member of an elite team of strategists, the Director is a senior leadership position with the skills and experience to develop our most innovative and strategic client engagements while also serving as a thought leader within our organization and in our industry. Working closely with our creative, consulting, and technology teams, this individual will have overall responsibility for building our strategic positions and innovation products, leading and supporting sales opportunities and new client pursuits, and delivering on client digital and business strategies.

Responsibilities

Specifics of this position may include:
Develop strategic insights for clients employing customer and competitive research, benchmarking studies, and general analysis and audit techniques.
Creative and business ideation employing Design Thinking and related design and innovation methods.
Define a future state vision and value proposition for possible client solutions and customer experiences.
Develop various summary strategies surrounding digital transformation, digital marketing, content, commerce, mobile, UX, CX, and branding.
Develop client roadmaps, program plans, business cases, and realization strategies to support our recommendations.
Manage the technical, business and personnel aspects of consulting engagements.
Support multiple engagements on a part-time basis as the overall engagement manager working with the assigned project managers to ensure successful delivery.
Cultivate highly functioning teams comprised of Perficient and client resources; the ability to effectively manage the engagement while recognizing and leveraging the expertise of the different resources and the importance of their contributions is critical.
Ensure deliverables are of the highest quality to promote client satisfaction.
Serve as a key member of the solution delivery team by facilitating requirements/design sessions, and producing deliverables.
Mentor and provide solutions delivery expertise to less experienced team members.
Intake and qualification of new business opportunities
Proposal and pitch development, creation, and presentation to clients
Author statements of work and detailed client delivery plans
Develop strong client relationships.
Team with business developers to drive ongoing client development activities.
Participate on client engagement steering committees as necessary to set client expectations and issue and resolution management.
Key participant in the business development process.
Lead the risk assessment efforts during the proposal process and recommend appropriate risk mitigation strategies.
Develop sales collateral including client presentations, case studies, and key strategic positions
Develop thought leadership and content marketing for blogs, guides, webinars, and conferences

Qualifications
More than 10 years of overall experience, with at least 5 in a client-facing professional services role
Experience leading and delivering complex enterprise solutions and teams.
Serving as the senior delivery resource for consulting engagements; cultivating highly functioning teams comprised of Perficient and client resources.
Comprehensive understanding of digital technologies.
Proven track record working with and selling to the stakeholders, executives, and decision makers of Fortune 1000 companies.
Proven domain expertise with experience building business cases and communicating client-specific value proposition and establishing yourself as a trusted advisor.
Leading discussions with business and technical decision makers
Experience coordinating Sales team members to develop sales scripts, discovery process, best practices, sharing expertise/training and guiding solution development.
Must be open to travel. 
